Update ecs-deployment-tutorial.md with ServiceDiscovery Configuration (#583)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/onboard-cd/cd-quickstarts/ecs-deployment-tutorial.md

If you do select this option, Harness will poll the ECS task to see if it triggered successfully.

> ### Support for ECS Deployments with AWS Service Mesh Configuration
> Harness ECS Deployments supports deploying of ECS Services with AWS Service Discovery Configuration
> 
> AWS Service Discovery is a cloud service provided by Amazon Web Services (AWS) that makes it easy for microservices applications to discover and communicate with each other. It enables you to manage and discover the addresses of the services within your microservices application without the need for hard-coded IP addresses or hostnames.
> 
> It is possible to provide AWS Service Discovery as part of ECS Service Definiton and deploy using Harness.
> 
> Following are the steps required to configure a Service Discovery and deploy
> 
> 1.Create a Namespace in AWS Cloud Map
> 2.Create Service Discovery with above namespace,generate ARN
> 3.Provide the Service Discovery ARN in Service Definition
> 	
> launchType: FARGATE
> serviceName: ecs-svc-discovery
> desiredCount: 1
> networkConfiguration:
>   awsvpcConfiguration:
>     securityGroups:
>     - sg-afc848e7 
>     subnets:
>     - subnet-9757dc98
>     assignPublicIp: ENABLED 
> deploymentConfiguration:
>   maximumPercent: 100
>   minimumHealthyPercent: 0
> **serviceRegistries:**
>   ** - registryArn: arn:aws:servicediscovery:us-east-1:479370281431:service/srv-xeycgshb42ydmokf**
> 	
> With the above Service Registry ARN specified in ECS Service Definition ,deployed services are marked with Service Discovery capability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Support for ECS deployments with service mesh

Harness ECS Deployments support deploying ECS services with [AWS Service Discovery](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/create-service-discovery.html).

AWS Service Discovery makes it easy for microservices to discover and communicate with each other. It enables you to manage and discover the addresses of the services within your microservices without the need for hard-coded IP addresses or hostnames.

You can use AWS Service Discovery as part of the ECS Service Definiton you deploy in Harness.

To use AWS Service Discovery, do the following:

1.Create a namespace in [AWS Cloud Map](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cloud-map/latest/dg/creating-namespaces.html).
2.Create the Service Discovery with new namespace and copy its ARN.
3.Provide the Service Discovery ARN in the ECS Service Definition you use in Harness (`registryArn`).

```yaml
launchType: FARGATE
serviceName: ecs-svc-discovery
desiredCount: 1
networkConfiguration:
  awsvpcConfiguration:
    securityGroups:
    - sg-afc848e7 
    subnets:
    - subnet-9757dc98
    assignPublicIp: ENABLED 
deploymentConfiguration:
  maximumPercent: 100
  minimumHealthyPercent: 0
serviceRegistries:
  - registryArn: arn:aws:servicediscovery:us-east-1:123456789:service/srv-utcrh6wavdkggqtk
```
Now the ECS service deployed by Harness is marked for Service Discovery.
```
